MUI Dialog mobile styling adaptions (#3144)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/eighty-zebras-rescue.md

---
"@comet/admin-theme": patch
---

> Adapt styling of 'MuiDialogActions', 'MuiDialogContent', 'MuiDialogTitle' to match the Comet DXP design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adapt styling of `DialogActions`, `DialogContent`, and `DialogTitle` to match the Comet DXP design
```
